TOY BOX JAM 2 -- READ ME FIRST!

Last year, we discovered Max Tojoby is well and alive.... and says he is enlightened?

We thought we'd hear no more from him. But he sent a short message and a story....



DEAR TOY BOX JAMMERS,

I really enjoyed your creations last year.  So much so, that I thought I would share another disk with you!

There are two carts of assets for you play with. The first adds 25% new sprites to last year's batch. The second are larger graphics from an unfinished project, plus sound effects and music from the legendary Gruber -- new tunes to be featured in PicoTunes 3! Those should be plenty to play with.

But... I thought I'd add something else.

Before I may AX-JOY TOMB for Pico-8, I was working on the ORIGINAL version of that game on the Aterri 3600. When the Pico-8 console came out, I feel in love with it, and decided to start fresh on that console. But that meant that AX-JOY TOMB for the Aterri 3600 was never finished.

You can play the old unfinished game on itch.io. The manual is included on this disk. Unfortunately, there is no monster AI, no AX attacking, and the debug info is left on. But you can get through the tomb well enough.

I've included a key to deciphering the Wizard Runes. And for fun, I've hidden  four pearls of WISDOM I have found.

If you use those pearls to unlock each Chest of Wisdom, you will be greatly rewarded.

Have fun.

Peace,
M.T.

On the disk are two carts of starting assets, as well are four ZIP files, each password locked. We assume the answers are somewhere in the unfinished game....

Good luck, brave jammers!

Sincerely,
The TOY BOX JAM Organizers

P.S. AX-JOY TOMB can be found at thattomhall.itch.io. 

P.P.S. Here is a scrap of paper sent along listing frames -- it seems the correspond to dragonNumbers.png and heroNumbers.png? It seems these were made outside of Pico-8?

For the second cart:
TBJ2
Hero:
1 idle1
2 idle2
3 run1
4 run2
5 run3
6 run4
7 jump1
8 jump2
9 block1
A block2
B block3
C climb
D changeDirection
E throw
F catch
G wallSlide

Dragon:

1 idle
2 flap1
3 flap2
4 flap3
5 flap4
6 roar/spit
7 getHit
8 sleep1
9 sleep2
